# SIGNAL

A dashboard for COVID-19 data in RI

## Project Setup

For the map to work, you'll need a `.env` file in your project root directory with the following keys.
```
VITE_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=
```

Node version: 16+

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev
```

### Linting
```bash
$ npm run lint # report and fix linting errors
$ npm run tscheck # check for type errors
```

### build for production and launch server
```bash
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

### Admin Setup

*Needed to upload files*

#### Set up Firebase
```
$ firebase login
```

#### Create a Service Account

1. Navigate to the Firebase console to generate a private key (Settings > Service Accounts).
2. Click **Generate New Private Key** and save the JSON file as `serviceAccount.json`
3. Add that JSON file to the project root directory. This file is listed in the `.gitignore`. Do not share this private key.

## Geojson
The `ri.json` file in the `assets/geojson` folder was generated by editing the `shp2topo.sh` script in the 
[profound-app](https://github.com/pph-collective/profound-app) repo to create a geojson rather than a topojson.
Unfortunately, the county subdivisions shapefiles for the census doesn't have clean borders. The script in profound
creates the town borders by merging the block groups.

## Recommended IDE Setup (very optional)

- [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar)

## Troubleshooting

### Caching

When fetching dataset data, we first check the local cache for the dataset before querying the server. If you updated data and aren't seeing the change, try clearing your cache.  **NOTE**: because of this, also try really hard not to need to update data once in production as the original data might have a longer shelf life than you anticipate.

### Analytics in development

If you have an adblocker, it might try to block the loading of the firebase analytics package.  Have it trust the site.
