README.md, before:

# SIGNAL

A dashboard for COVID-19 data in RI

## Project Setup

For the map to work, you'll need a `.env` file in your project root directory with the following keys.
```
VITE_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=
```

Node version: 16+

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev
```

### Linting
```bash
$ npm run lint # report and fix linting errors
$ npm run tscheck # check for type errors
```

### build for production and launch server
```bash
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

### Admin Setup

*Needed to upload files*

#### Set up Firebase
```
$ firebase login
```

#### Create a Service Account

1. Navigate to the Firebase console to generate a private key (Settings > Service Accounts).
2. Click **Generate New Private Key** and save the JSON file as `serviceAccount.json`
3. Add that JSON file to the project root directory. This file is listed in the `.gitignore`. Do not share this private key.

## Recommended IDE Setup (very optional)

- [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar)

## Troubleshooting

### Caching

When fetching dataset data, we first check the local cache for the datset before querying the server. If you updated data and aren't seeing the change, try clearing your cache.  **NOTE**: because of this, also try really hard not to need to update data once in production as the original data might have a longer shelf life than you anticipate.

### Analytics in development

If you have an adblocker, it might try to block the loading of the firebase analytics package.  Have it trust the site.

Commit message:

Feat: Controls to select town and date (#45)
* feat: add control panel

* fix: layout of dashboard cards

* feat: update dataset with controls

* feat: update geo with controls

* feat: user friendly dates

* refactor: wip - fix filter

* refactor: clean up variables

* fix: load if the stats aren't empty

* refactor: remove comment

* refactor: remove types for Cluster and ClusterStat

This pr ended up not needing clusters really. Therefore remove these changes so that another PR can handle this change. We'll want to make the vax_first_ variable the same as cluster number such that it doesn't change between files.

* refactor: remove unused sortByProperty

* refactor: rearrange the dashboard cards

* style: use colors, adjust stroke width

* refactor: make a towndefault

* refactor: initialize geo and stats

* Update README.md

Co-authored-by: Mary McGrath <m.c.mcgrath13@gmail.com>

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Mary McGrath <m.c.mcgrath13@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Mary McGrath <m.c.mcgrath13@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# SIGNAL

A dashboard for COVID-19 data in RI

## Project Setup

For the map to work, you'll need a `.env` file in your project root directory with the following keys.
```
VITE_MAPBOX_ACCESS_TOKEN=
```

Node version: 16+

```bash
# install dependencies
$ npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```bash
# serve with hot reload at localhost:3000
$ npm run dev
```

### Linting
```bash
$ npm run lint # report and fix linting errors
$ npm run tscheck # check for type errors
```

### build for production and launch server
```bash
$ npm run build
$ npm run serve
```

### Admin Setup

*Needed to upload files*

#### Set up Firebase
```
$ firebase login
```

#### Create a Service Account

1. Navigate to the Firebase console to generate a private key (Settings > Service Accounts).
2. Click **Generate New Private Key** and save the JSON file as `serviceAccount.json`
3. Add that JSON file to the project root directory. This file is listed in the `.gitignore`. Do not share this private key.

## Geojson
The `ri.json` file in the `assets/geojson` folder was generated by editing the `shp2topo.sh` script in the 
[profound-app](https://github.com/pph-collective/profound-app) repo to create a geojson rather than a topojson.
Unfortunately, the county subdivisions shapefiles for the census doesn't have clean borders. The script in profound
creates the town borders by merging the block groups.

## Recommended IDE Setup (very optional)

- [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=johnsoncodehk.volar)

## Troubleshooting

### Caching

When fetching dataset data, we first check the local cache for the datset before querying the server. If you updated data and aren't seeing the change, try clearing your cache.  **NOTE**: because of this, also try really hard not to need to update data once in production as the original data might have a longer shelf life than you anticipate.

### Analytics in development

If you have an adblocker, it might try to block the loading of the firebase analytics package.  Have it trust the site.
